Resources for Competitive Programming, Interview Prep, System Design, & Problem Solving
Video Tutorials
Kunal Kushwaha's Complete DSA Bootcamp
Errichto
William Lin
Gaurav Sen
Problems & Tips
CSES
CP-Algorithms
DP Questions
Google Interview Questions
LeetCode Solutions
HackerEarth
DP Roadmap
Math for CP
Graph Theory
DS for CP
String DP
Blogs on CP
Blogs on CP
Improve DSA Skills
Coding Interview Patterns
Interview Questions
Big-O Cheatsheet
System Design
Gaurav Sen
system-design-primer
Mock Interview
Machine Coding Round Practice
Engineering Blogs/Articles/Videos for System Design
Platforms to Practice:
Codeforces
Codechef
Leetcode
AtCoder
TopCoder
SPOJ
Hackerrank
ProjectEuler
HackerEarth
DailyCodingProblem
UrionlineJudge
Workattech DSA Interview Practice
Binarysearch
Problem Solving Books:
A Path to Combinatorics for Undergraduates
Competitive Programmers Handbook - Antti Laaksonen - July 2018
Competitive Programming 3 - The New Lower Bound of Programming Contests
Cracking the Coding Interview 189 Programming Questions and Solutions
Elements of Programming Interviews - The Insider's Guide - Adnan Aziz, Tsung-Hsien Lee, Amit Prakash
Fifty Challenging Problems in Probability. - Fredrick Mosteller
Guide to Competitive Programming - Learning and Improving Algorithms ThroughContests
How to Solve It - A New Aspect of Mathematical Method
Problem Books in Mathematics - by K. Bencsath P.R. Halmos
The Art and Craft of Problem Solving, 3rd Edition
Cracking the Coding Interview: 150 Programming Questions and Solutions
Interview Prep
Pramp
interviewing.io
12 Week Programme - Leetcode
Online Coding Hackathons and Competitions
Google Kickstart
Kick Start is a global online coding competition, consisting of three-hour rounds of a variety of algorithmic challenges designed by Google engineers. Participants can compete in one or all online rounds held throughout the year, and will have the opportunity to develop and grow their programming abilities while getting a glimpse into the technical skills needed for a career at Google (top participants may be invited to interview at Google).

Google Code Jam
Google’s longest running global coding competition, Code Jam, calls on programmers around the world to solve challenging, algorithmic puzzles against the clock. Contestants advance through four online-hosted rounds to compete at the annual Code Jam World Finals that is held at a different international Google office each year. Each round brings new challenges, and in the end 25 contestants will have the ultimate chance to put their skills to the test, vying for cash prizes and the coveted championship title at the World Finals.

Google Hash Code
Google’s team-based programming competition, Hash Code, allows you to share your skills and connect with other coders as you work together to solve a problem modeled off a real Google engineering challenge! In small teams of two to four, coders all over the world will tackle the first problem through an Online Qualification Round. Though this round is hosted online, teams can come together to compete side-by-side in locally coordinated Hash Code hubs. The top teams from this round are invited to join us at an international Google office for our annual Hash Code Final Round.

Facebook Hacker Cup
Hacker Cup is Facebook's annual open programming competition. Open to participants around the world, we invite you to apply problem-solving and algorithmic coding skills to advance through each year’s online rounds, win prizes, and have a chance to make it to the global finals and win the grand prize.

ICPC
The ICPC formerly known as ACM-ICPC (Association for Computing Machinery - International Collegiate Programming Contest) is considered as the "Olympics of Programming Competitions". It is quite simply, the oldest, largest, and most prestigious programming contest in the world. This contest is for students only. Students from same college may form team of 3(reqiured) along with 1 reserve(optional) and with a coach from the faculty member. Contestants advance through two online-hosted rounds to compete at the annual ICPC Finals that is held at a different international sites each year. Further details are here.


